Results for Benchmarks with configuration ( 128kB 128kB 128kB 2 2 2 64 ) 


****** 401.bzip2  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4027264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3821804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4028218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 429.mcf  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               9585930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10226663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 456.hmmer  

sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        197712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254894852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              199042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 458.sjeng  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8422662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8401644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8425436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 470.lbm  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7161899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7162427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7162445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
