Results for Benchmarks with configuration ( 64kB 64kB 1MB 4 4 2 128 ) 


****** 401.bzip2  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3366764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1573800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3348956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 429.mcf  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12822320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293770616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3935453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12822743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 456.hmmer  

sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        206166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254894813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              205379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 458.sjeng  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4383800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        109063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4231506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4492863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 470.lbm  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3805222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3799045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3805574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
