Results for Benchmarks with configuration ( 64kB 16kB 64kB 2 8 2 64 ) 


****** 401.bzip2  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4449761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4235491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4450734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 429.mcf  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12808584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              11880352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12809309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 456.hmmer  

sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        406329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254894852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    695978066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              408168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 458.sjeng  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8556654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    271674543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       5198058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    675353658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8753382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13754712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
****** 470.lbm  

sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7163235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216142309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    740208211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7163785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7163816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
